"# TripleX" 

Triple X is a small numbers game with a Final Fantasy 7 vibe that I put together as I am learning to make games in C++. With some help from the guide I was following as I put the game together, I feel as if I did a good job creating my funcitons to keep my main function clean and readable and I used my what I learned in my programming languages class to try to be as thorough as I could with my comments. I could enhance my code by increasing the max level or increasing the difficulty. I could also add a better narrative to the game or add features like text based battles so that it would be more enjoyable. This game is really small and straightforward so it wasn't all too difficult to put together but I didn't know that I was able to assign functions to variables such as me assigning the bool bLevelComplete = PlayGame() so I found that very interesting. I also never knew that I could create a function as a boolean type and have more than one return value so that was also good for me to learn for the future. I'm using UDemy to learn how to make games using the Unreal Engine 4 but this game was an intro into the coding structure in Unreal Engine so I plan on revisiting Udemy a lot to keep learning more because it's a really powerful tool with a lot of courses to learn from.
The skills I learned from putting together a basic game loop will help me on future projects. To make the code maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I tried to follow the community guidelines for the Unreal Engine 4 and I also tried to comment a lot so there's no confusion as to what I was trying to accomplish with my code.

